Agile
-----

Scrum is the most popular way of introducing Agility due to its simplicity and flexibility.
Scrum has only three roles: Product Owner, Team, and Scrum Master.
The responsibilities of the traditional project manager role are split up among these three Scrum roles. 
Scrum has five meetings: Backlog Grooming (aka Backlog Refinement), Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum (aka 15-minute standup), the Sprint Review Meeting, and the Sprint Retrospective Meeting.

In an agile paradigm, every aspect of development — requirements, design, etc. — is continually revisited throughout the lifecycle. When a team stops and re-evaluates the direction of a project every two weeks, there’s always time to steer it in another direction.
Scrum meeting include variety of members with different experties (like Dev,QA,UI etc).

Scrum meetings arranged in sequence:
1. Sprint Planning.
2. Backlog Grooming.
3. Daily Scrum.
4. Sprint Review Meeting.
5. Sprint Retrospective Meeting.

1. Sprint Planning
The sprint planning is conducted for planning the activites to be planned for sprint(period of 2-3 weeks) to target the completion of activites that are pending or introduced newly.
The team strips down the plan with various details of activites to be completed in the comming sprint.

2. Backlog Grooming
The Backlog meeting is conducted in presence of the project manager to part the activites to backlog fully/partially which cannot be completed in the sprint time.
The priority tasks are set accordingly and the huge tasks are divided to smaller tasks to focus on some the important smaller tasks.
The priority is decided by the project manager.
The severity of the implementation is gather from everyone to identify who may be able to perform.

3. Daily scrum
Scrum master arranges the meeting executes the scrum.
Daily srum should last not more than 15 minutes.The points discussed the daily scrum meeting should contain
* What task was performed yesterday.
* What task will be performed today.
* Problems/hurdles if any.
The project manager should not compulsorly be present in the meeting.
Agile with scrum also promotes pair programming to pratice agile perfectly.
Do mention if performed pair programming in the meeting.
Pair programming mean that both programmers contribute by writing code and other programmer observes the changes made instead of one observes without any contribution.

4. Sprint Review Meeting
The review meeting is to know what problems were faced and how we can overcome those for future sprints.

5.  Sprint Retrospective Meeting
This is the meeting for actual demonstation of the tasks completed in the sprint and not just documents/presentation.
