aginner -  a person who opposes a plan, proposed legislation, or any drastic change.
nescience - lack of knowledge; ignorance.
vulpine - cunning (like a fox)
coze - friendly chat.
morsel - a bit, mouthful, small quantity of food.
ort - scrap/morsel of food at the meal.
comportment - personal bearing, conduct , behaviour.
overwinter - spend,pass or survive the winter.
vaunting - marked by boostful pride.
disposition - final settlement of a matter; physical inclination or tendency; state of mind regarding something;
code-switching - the modifying of one's behavior, appearance, etc., to adapt to different sociocultural norms.
cimmerian - very dark; gloomy.
heart-whole - not in love; wholehearted; sincere.
luciferous - providing insight or enlightenment.
cannard - false/baseless rumour.
stravage - wander aimlessly.
hydra - a persistent or many-sided problem that presents new obstacles as soon as one aspect is solved.
pesky - causing trouble; annoying.
conjecture - an opinion or conclusion formed on the basis of incomplete information.
inveterate - settled or confirmed in a habit, pratice, feeling or the like.
incinerator - a apparatus for burning waste material(industrial material) at high temperatures till reduced to ashes.
frenemy - a person or group that is friendly with toward another because relationship brings benefits,but harbors feeling of rivalry.
conspicuous - easily seen or noticed; readily visible or observable.
ostensible - pretended; professed ; apparent,evident or conspicuous.
mensch -  a decent, upright, mature, and responsible person.
pliable - easily bent; flexible.
rebarbative - causing annoyance,irritation or aversion; repellent.
compathy - feelings, as happiness or grief, shared with another or others.
smattering - a slight, superficial, or introductory knowledge of something.
avarice - insatiable greed for riches;inordinate,miseraly desire to gain and hoard wealth.
hoard - a supply or accumulation that is hidden or carefully guarded for preservation, future use, etc.
inordinate -  excessive;uncontrolled;irregular.
idiosyncrasy - a mode of behaviour or way of thought peculiar to an individual.
misnomer - a wrong or inaccurate name or designation.
devolve - transfer or delegate (power) to a lower level;degenerate;pass into.
dogma - a principle or set of principles laid down by an authority as incontrovertibly true.
jammy - very lucky;  pleasant; easy; desirable.
contemplate - observe or study thoughtfully;think fully or deeply about;intend.
bullish - aggressively confident and self-assertive.
winnow - remove (people or things) from a group until only the best ones are left.
Luddite - someone who is opposed or resistant to new technologies or technological change.
forgettery - faulty memory
slumberous - sleepy;causing or inducing sleep.
memoriter - by heart; by memory.
puffery -  exaggerated praise; publicity.
hireling - a person who works only for pay in boring job.
confusticate - to confuse or perplex(puzzle/bewilder).
antinome - a logical contradiction;something that is contradictory.
attenuate - to weaken ny force,quantity or value; to make thin.
wastrel -  a wasteful person.
claque - a group of persons hired to applaud an act or performer.
scrummy - very pleasing, especially to the senses; delectable; splendid; scrumptious.
footloose - free to go or travel about; not confined by responsibilities.
Benevolence - desire to do good to others; goodwill; charitableness.
Xanadu - a place of great beauty, luxury, and contentment.
gerontocracy - a state or government in which old people rule.
literatim - literally.
